Add docs for `HTMLLinkElement.integrity` and `HTMLScriptElement.integrity` (#33355)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmllinkelement/index.md

  - : A string representing the URI for the target resource.
- {{domxref("HTMLLinkElement.hreflang")}}
  - : A string representing the language code for the linked resource.
- {{domxref("HTMLLinkElement.integrity")}}

>   - : A string that reflects the inline metadata that user agent can use to verify that a fetched resource has been delivered free of unexpected manipulation. It reflects the `integrity` attribute of the {{HTMLElement("link")}} element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A string that reflects the inline metadata that a user agent can use to verify that a fetched resource has been delivered free of unexpected manipulation. It reflects the `integrity` attribute of the {{HTMLElement("link")}} element.
```

>   - : A string that reflects the inline metadata that a user agent can use to verify that a fetched resource has been delivered free of unexpected manipulation. It reflects the `integrity` attribute of the {{HTMLElement("link")}} element.

Reviewer 2: We prefer _browser_.
```suggestion
  - : A string that contains inline metadata that a browser can use to verify that a fetched resource has been delivered without unexpected manipulation. It reflects the `integrity` attribute of the {{HTMLElement("link")}} element.
```
